README.md, before:

# Password Generator

This project is a simple and efficient Password Generator built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It generates strong, secure, and customizable passwords, helping users to enhance their online security.

## Features

- **Random Password Generation:** Creates passwords with a combination of lowercase, uppercase, numbers, and symbols.
- **Customizable Password Length:** Users can adjust the password length using a slider (ranging from 1 to 30 characters).
- **Character Set Options:** Users can choose which types of characters to include.
- **Password Strength Indicator:** A visual indicator shows the strength of the generated password (weak, medium, strong).
- **Clipboard Copy:** Generated passwords can be easily copied to the clipboard with a single click.

## Screenshot

![Screenshot 2024-08-11 001600](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09fcc28d-62ed-4122-82bb-1d0e7f668c0a)

## How to Use

1. **Open the `index.html` file in your browser.**
2. **Set the desired password length using the slider.**
3. **Select the character options you wish to include.**
4. **Click the "Generate Password" button to create a new password.**
5. **Use the "Copy" icon to copy the password to your clipboard.**

## Files Overview

- **index.html:** Contains the structure of the application, including the input fields, buttons, and password settings.
- **style.css:** Provides the styling for the application, making it visually appealing and user-friendly.
- **script.js:** Contains the logic for generating the password, updating the strength indicator, and handling user interactions.

## Installation

To use the Password Generator locally:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   https://github.com/TechWarriorXOfficial/Password-Generator.git
   ```

Commit message:

Added live demo section with the link to README.md

README.md, after:

# Password Generator

This project is a simple and efficient Password Generator built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It generates strong, secure, and customizable passwords, helping users to enhance their online security.

## Features

- **Random Password Generation:** Creates passwords with a combination of lowercase, uppercase, numbers, and symbols.
- **Customizable Password Length:** Users can adjust the password length using a slider (ranging from 1 to 30 characters).
- **Character Set Options:** Users can choose which types of characters to include.
- **Password Strength Indicator:** A visual indicator shows the strength of the generated password (weak, medium, strong).
- **Clipboard Copy:** Generated passwords can be easily copied to the clipboard with a single click.

## Screenshot

![Screenshot 2024-08-11 001600](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09fcc28d-62ed-4122-82bb-1d0e7f668c0a)

## Live Demo

- [Live Demo](https://techwarriorxofficial.github.io/Password-Generator/) - Try out the live version of the Password Generator.

## How to Use

1. **Open the `index.html` file in your browser.**
2. **Set the desired password length using the slider.**
3. **Select the character options you wish to include.**
4. **Click the "Generate Password" button to create a new password.**
5. **Use the "Copy" icon to copy the password to your clipboard.**

## Files Overview

- **index.html:** Contains the structure of the application, including the input fields, buttons, and password settings.
- **style.css:** Provides the styling for the application, making it visually appealing and user-friendly.
- **script.js:** Contains the logic for generating the password, updating the strength indicator, and handling user interactions.

## Installation

To use the Password Generator locally:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   https://github.com/TechWarriorXOfficial/Password-Generator.git
   ```
